readme.md, before:

# vuex-i18n
We are big fans of the awesome vue, vuex and vue-router libraries and were just
looking for an easy to use internationalization plugin, employing as much of
the "standard library" as possible.

The main difference to other internationalization plugins is the ease of use
and support for locales directly with the application or later from the server.

## Requirements
- Vue ^2.0.0
- Vuex ^2.0.0

## Installation
```
$ npm install vuex-i18n
```

## Setup
The vuex-i18n plugin is intended to be used for applications that use vuex as
store and require localized messages. Make sure that both vue and vuex have
been loaded beforehand.

The plugin provides a vuex module to store the localization information and
translations and a plugin to allow easy access from components.

The plugin does not make any assumption on how you want to load the localization
information. It can be loaded on start in your application bundle or dynamically
after when the user is switching to a different language.

A corresponding example can be found in the test directory.

```javascript

// load vue and vuex instance
import Vue from 'vue';
import Vuex from 'vuex';

// load vuex i18n module
import vuexI18n from 'vuex-i18n';

// initialize the vuex store using the vuex module. note that you can change the
//  name of the module if you wish
const store = new Vuex.Store();

// initialize the internationalization plugin on the vue instance. note that
// the store must be passed to the plugin. the plugin will then generate some
// helper functions for components (i.e. this.$i18n.set, this.$t) and on the vue
// instance (i.e. Vue.i18n.set).
Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store);

// please note that you must specify the name of the vuex module if it is
// different from i18n. i.e. Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store, 'myName')


// add some translations (could also be loaded from a separate file)
// note that it is possible to use placeholders. translations can also be
// structured as object trees and will automatically be flattened by the the
// plugin
const translationsEn = {
	"content": "This is some {type} content"
};

// translations can be kept in separate files for each language
// i.e. resources/i18n/de.json.
const translationsDe = {
	"My nice title": "Ein schöner Titel",
	"content": "Dies ist ein toller Inhalt"
};

// add translations directly to the application
Vue.i18n.add('en', translationsEn);
Vue.i18n.add('de', translationsDe);

// set the start locale to use
Vue.i18n.set('en');

// create a new component (requires a div with id app as mount point)
// you can use the method $t to access translations. the value will be returned
// as is, if no corresponding key is found in the translations
var app = new Vue({
	store,
	el: '#app',
	template: `
		<div>
			<h1>{{ 'My nice title' | translate }}</h1>
			<p>{{ $t('content', {'type': 'nice'}) }}</p>
		</div>
	`
});

```

## Usage
vuex-i18n provides easy access to localized information through the use of
the `$t()` method or the `translate` filter.

The plugin will try to find the given string as key in the translations of the
currently defined locale and return the respective translation. If the string
is not found, it will return as is. This wil allow you to setup an application
very quickly without having to first define all strings in a separate template.

It is also possible to specify a fallback-locale `$i18n.fallback(locale)`. If
the key is not found in current locale, vuex-i18n will look for the key in the
fallback-locale. If the key can not be found in the fallback-locale either,
the key itself will be returned as translation.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "Some localized information"
	{{ $t('Some localized information')}}
</div>

```

Dynamic parameters that can be passed to the translation method in the form of
key/value pairs.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "You have 5 new messages"
	{{ $t('You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}) }}
</div>
```

It is possible to specify custom identifiers for variable substitutions. The
respective identifiers - start and stop - must be passed when initializing the
module. Please note that a regular expression is used to match the tags.
Therefore it might be necessary to escape certain characters accordingly.

```javascript
// i.e. to use {{count}} as variable substitution.
// the third parameter defines the module name and is i18n per default
Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store, 'i18n', ['{{','}}']);
```

Basic pluralization is also supported. Please note, that the singular translation
must be specified first, denoted from the pluralized translation by `:::`.
The third parameter is used to define if the singular or plural version should be
used (see below for examples). Dynamic parameters can be passed as second argument.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "You have 5 new messages" if the third argument is 5"
	// or "You have 1 new message" if the third argument is 1
	// or "You have -1 new message" if the third argument is -1
	// or "You have 0 new messages" if the third argument is 0 (note pluralized version)
	{{ $t('You have {count} new message ::: You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}, 5) }}
</div>
```

The current locale can be set using the `$i18n.set()` method. By default, the
translation method will select the pre-specified current locale. However, it is
possible to request a specific locale using the `$tlang()` method.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return the english translation regardless of the current locale
	{{ $tlang('en', 'You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}) }}
</div>
```

There are also several methods available on the property `this.$i18n` or `Vue.i18n`

```javascript
$i18n.locale(), Vue.i18n.locale()
	// get the current locale

$i18n.set(locale), Vue.i18n.set(locale)
	// set the current locale (i.e. 'de', 'en')

$i18n.add(locale, translations), Vue.i18n.add(locale, translations)
	// add a new locale to the storage
	// (i.e. 'de', {'message': 'Eine Nachricht'})

$i18n.localeExists(locale), Vue.i18n.localeExists(locale)
	// check if the given locale translations are present in the store

$i18n.keyExists(key), Vue.i18n.keyExists(key)
	// check if the given key is available in the current or fallback locale

$i18n.remove(locale), Vue.i18n.remove(locale)
	// remove the given locale from the store

$i18n.fallback(locale), Vue.i18n.fallback(locale)
	// set a fallback locale if translation for current locale does not exist
```

## Contributions
Any comments or suggestions are very welcome.

Commit message:

Remove rollup in favor of commonjs. Added store adapters for Vuex and VueStash.

readme.md, after:

# vuex-i18n
We are big fans of the awesome vue, vuex and vue-router libraries and were just
looking for an easy to use internationalization plugin, employing as much of
the "standard library" as possible.

The main difference to other internationalization plugins is the ease of use
and support for locales directly with the application or later from the server.

This fork adds an adapter interface and Vue-stash support and changed from
es6 modules to commonjs format.

## Requirements
- Vue ^2.0.0
- Vuex ^2.0.0 or vue-stash ^v2.0.1-beta


## Installation
```
$ npm install vuex-i18n
```

## Setup
The vuex-i18n plugin is intended to be used for applications that use vuex as
store and require localized messages. Make sure that both vue and vuex have
been loaded beforehand.

The plugin provides a vuex module to store the localization information and
translations and a plugin to allow easy access from components.

The plugin does not make any assumption on how you want to load the localization
information. It can be loaded on start in your application bundle or dynamically
after when the user is switching to a different language.

A corresponding example can be found in the test directory.

```javascript

// load vue and vuex instance
import Vue from 'vue';
import Vuex from 'vuex';

// load vuex i18n module
import vuexI18n from 'vuex-i18n';

// initialize the vuex store using the vuex module. note that you can change the
//  name of the module if you wish
const store = new Vuex.Store();

// initialize the internationalization plugin on the vue instance. note that
// the store must be passed to the plugin. the plugin will then generate some
// helper functions for components (i.e. this.$i18n.set, this.$t) and on the vue
// instance (i.e. Vue.i18n.set).
Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store);

// please note that you must specify the name of the vuex module if it is
// different from i18n. i.e. Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store, 'myName')


// add some translations (could also be loaded from a separate file)
// note that it is possible to use placeholders. translations can also be
// structured as object trees and will automatically be flattened by the the
// plugin
const translationsEn = {
	"content": "This is some {type} content"
};

// translations can be kept in separate files for each language
// i.e. resources/i18n/de.json.
const translationsDe = {
	"My nice title": "Ein schöner Titel",
	"content": "Dies ist ein toller Inhalt"
};

// add translations directly to the application
Vue.i18n.add('en', translationsEn);
Vue.i18n.add('de', translationsDe);

// set the start locale to use
Vue.i18n.set('en');

// create a new component (requires a div with id app as mount point)
// you can use the method $t to access translations. the value will be returned
// as is, if no corresponding key is found in the translations
var app = new Vue({
	store,
	el: '#app',
	template: `
		<div>
			<h1>{{ 'My nice title' | translate }}</h1>
			<p>{{ $t('content', {'type': 'nice'}) }}</p>
		</div>
	`
});

```

## Usage
vuex-i18n provides easy access to localized information through the use of
the `$t()` method or the `translate` filter.

The plugin will try to find the given string as key in the translations of the
currently defined locale and return the respective translation. If the string
is not found, it will return as is. This wil allow you to setup an application
very quickly without having to first define all strings in a separate template.

It is also possible to specify a fallback-locale `$i18n.fallback(locale)`. If
the key is not found in current locale, vuex-i18n will look for the key in the
fallback-locale. If the key can not be found in the fallback-locale either,
the key itself will be returned as translation.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "Some localized information"
	{{ $t('Some localized information')}}
</div>

```

Dynamic parameters that can be passed to the translation method in the form of
key/value pairs.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "You have 5 new messages"
	{{ $t('You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}) }}
</div>
```

It is possible to specify custom identifiers for variable substitutions. The
respective identifiers - start and stop - must be passed when initializing the
module. Please note that a regular expression is used to match the tags.
Therefore it might be necessary to escape certain characters accordingly.

```javascript
// i.e. to use {{count}} as variable substitution.
// the third parameter defines the module name and is i18n per default
Vue.use(vuexI18n.plugin, store, 'i18n', ['{{','}}']);
```

Basic pluralization is also supported. Please note, that the singular translation
must be specified first, denoted from the pluralized translation by `:::`.
The third parameter is used to define if the singular or plural version should be
used (see below for examples). Dynamic parameters can be passed as second argument.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return: "You have 5 new messages" if the third argument is 5"
	// or "You have 1 new message" if the third argument is 1
	// or "You have -1 new message" if the third argument is -1
	// or "You have 0 new messages" if the third argument is 0 (note pluralized version)
	{{ $t('You have {count} new message ::: You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}, 5) }}
</div>
```

The current locale can be set using the `$i18n.set()` method. By default, the
translation method will select the pre-specified current locale. However, it is
possible to request a specific locale using the `$tlang()` method.

```javascript
<div>
	// will return the english translation regardless of the current locale
	{{ $tlang('en', 'You have {count} new messages', {count: 5}) }}
</div>
```

There are also several methods available on the property `this.$i18n` or `Vue.i18n`

```javascript
$i18n.locale(), Vue.i18n.locale()
	// get the current locale

$i18n.set(locale), Vue.i18n.set(locale)
	// set the current locale (i.e. 'de', 'en')

$i18n.add(locale, translations), Vue.i18n.add(locale, translations)
	// add a new locale to the storage
	// (i.e. 'de', {'message': 'Eine Nachricht'})

$i18n.localeExists(locale), Vue.i18n.localeExists(locale)
	// check if the given locale translations are present in the store

$i18n.keyExists(key), Vue.i18n.keyExists(key)
	// check if the given key is available in the current or fallback locale

$i18n.remove(locale), Vue.i18n.remove(locale)
	// remove the given locale from the store

$i18n.fallback(locale), Vue.i18n.fallback(locale)
	// set a fallback locale if translation for current locale does not exist
```

## Contributions
Any comments or suggestions are very welcome.
